I want to tell you about a a very
frustrating thing that I see from a lot
of digital marketers, especially people
people like myself, honestly, people
like me. We ignore the fact that a ton
of marketing is actually product. I want
to use this example. This is this is
called Lyft Silver. I got an email from
them. Um, and I I thought, oh, I should
make a video about this. it it's super
relevant to me because uh I'll show you
my my grandfather over here is 97 and
very often I will call him a lift or an
Uber, whatever, and I'll order it to his
apartment community where where he lives
and have him come over to our house.
It's like a 20-minut drive, but
sometimes if I don't have time to go
drive out there and pick him up or the
traffic's really bad one way, I'll have
them pick him up. But he doesn't use the
app himself and occasionally it's quite
confusing and challenging. So Lyft built
this like Lyft Silver, which is great
branding, right? They're they're playing
on the fact that silver is already a
term used by kind of older adults and
other apps. And the idea is that they've
got this marketing baked into the
product because as soon as I got the
email, I immediately connected it with a
need that I have, which is calling a
lift for someone else. And it it's easy
to show off and send to him. And I'm
going to try and train him to to use it.
We'll see. I'll probably have to still
call it for him, but that's that's fine.
And it made me think about a bunch of
other stuff. So, I I think about product
marketing like like this. This is Bodie.
They um they're a fashion brand. And by
appearing at the Met Gala, this was a
couple years ago, but the you know,
there was the Met Gala that just
happened. And like these fashion brands
are doing this clever thing where they
essentially by outfitting celebrities
who go to the Met Gala, uh they're
they're selling their product. This one
in particular inspired me so much that
um a friend of mine uh his his son
actually worked on this piece, this this
jacket. And so when he left um I
commissioned him. I'm going to show you
this. Look look at this jacket. Look at
this. Is that incredible all the way
around there's there's tons of like
little details. I love this in
particular. Uh let me see if I can make
Yeah, look at that. Look at that
hummingbird. And look, he made me a
matching shirt with the hummingbird in
there. Anyway, just just beautiful
stuff. You know what's happening here?
What's happening is the product is doing
the marketing. When I wear this jacket,
I just got it. So, but when I wear this
jacket, people are naturally, some
people are going to be like, "Wow,
that's cool. Where did you get that? How
did you get that?" And I'll be like,
"Oh, yeah, my buddy. You should chat
with him. He's in New York. Like, he can
do this for you." I I think putting your
marketing in your product strategy is a
genius move that not enough people do.
It's it's something we think about like
when Cyrus put up this post saying, "Oh,
the new Spark Toro is so beautiful and
the the um product itself is screenshot
friendly." Like that's us trying to put
marketing inside the product so that
when you use the product, you are
helping us do marketing because you're
showing the product to other people,
right? And I think that's that's the
same thing Lyft is doing, same thing Bod
is doing. It's it's a superpower. We
should not ignore it. If you can connect
up your product and your marketing, you
can do much more amazing marketing in
general.